h1. Hera-Site

h2. What is Hera-Site?

Hera-Site is the initial core structure installed by "Hera":http://connatser.github.com/hera/, an elegant and easy to use static web site architecture. Implementing Jekyll, Haml, Sass, & Jammit to bring a static website to life fast. Hera was developed to reduce setup time, promote clean code, and instantly set up the typical dependencies when working with popular web frameworks.

The Hera-Site structure was developed to expedite the deployment of a Jekyll based static website, utilizing Jammit for minimization and Guard/Guard-Rake to auto-compile your Haml and Sass templates. This sample structure can be used to create additional templates to install with Hera. Any developer can clone Hera-Site, customize the templates within @_source/_layouts/@ within the haml, pages, posts or sass directories, and submit them for inclusion in the Hera gem. It is recommended to install "Hera":http://connatser.github.com/hera/, play around with the templates and learn the structure, then run wild developing your own templates. 

If any developer would like to submit their Hera-Site based templates for inclusion into the Hera gem, please contact me at "connatser@gmail.com":mailto:connatser@gmail.com for now. I hope to have a submission process up soon.

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.